all right this is the oneplus 70 and
there's a lot to talk about with this
phone so in terms of hardware they've
done a really good job with it I would
say that there's a lot of features on
this phone that I wish my one plus seven
Pro had like this has been my main phone
for the past few months I really like
this phone and there are features on
this phone
the smaller cheaper one that I actually
prefer but there's also some stuff that
feels a little bit off-brand like it
just doesn't feel very oneplus with this
phone so let's talk about that right off
the RIP the most prominent kind of
feature with this phone can you tell
what it is can you tell what I'm about
to say it's this camera right everyone's
thinking this camera it does not look
like a very oneplus phone every single
one plus one that's ever come out I
loved the design every single one of
them this one feels less visually
pleasing to me it's got this big circle
with a triple camera cluster maybe
haven't spent enough time with this
phone to kind of get used to it or maybe
it's just the color but I feel like this
would look better if it just had a plain
black back panel or just something to
mute the prominence of this big circle
now the other big feature of this phone
is the screen 90 Hertz 1080p AMOLED and
it's still very sharp not as sharp as
the 1440p panel on the 1 + 7 pro I mean
if you put them side-by-side you can
tell them apart but I think most people
will be very happy with the screen but
the real selling point is that 90 Hertz
refresh and it just makes everything
look super smooth on this display now at
this point in time not everyone has seen
these fast refresh screens so it's hard
to kind of convey what this image really
looks like if you haven't seen one they
look good but not everyone is
susceptible to it right some people look
at the stuff and don't really get
anything from it but I think the vast
majority people they look at these
smooth animations and the kind of house
smoothie screens look and they really
like it
and with the oneplus 70 it doesn't have
the curved edge it's something I've
talked about a lot with the oneplus 7
pro and a lot of other flagships that
kind of curve the edges of their
displays this has a flat screen it just
it's a preference thing I like it flat
so there's less accidental swipes the
camera is also very good I'm not going
to go too in depth on these cameras of
the devices that have this sensor the
586 I think oneplus devices do it the
best but it's not like a pixel or an
iPhone 11 camera it does have a 2 X
optical zoom and a wide-angle I think
most people will enjoy this camera
system overall but the one feature that
I think is really cool in this camera is
it has a macro feature so you just put
your object really close to the lens
put it on 2x zoom hit the macro function
and you can see crazy detail of things
up close you can see cool stuff you can
see gross stuff there's a lot of fun
stuff you can do with the macro lens I'm
sure there's also professional
functionality as well but it's just cool
to see stuff in detail though I'm
someone that as a kid just loved
magnifying glasses like be able to see
things in extreme detail it's just so
cool and supposed to have that function
on a smartphone is great and it doesn't
feel gimmicky these actually feel like
good macro photos I'm not sure if it's
all done optically there could be some
software going on but it does look good
now aesthetics and cameras aside this is
a very powerful smartphone it's got a
faster CPU than the 1 plus 7 pro and it
ships with Android 10 I think this is
actually the very first phone if I'm not
mistaken that comes out like out of the
factory with Android 10 it's actually on
the market before the pixel phones I
that's just a testament as to how much
oneplus cares about software and how
frequently the update and stuff like
this is one of the best features about
their phones they update a lot the
battery life from this phone is also
very good I'm getting like 6 and a half
hours of screen on time
it's obviously going to vary depending
on the person but that's at 1080p and 90
Hertz so take that however you want the
charging is also faster they call it
warped charge 30t supposed to hit 70% in
half an hour
I got 68 but whatever close enough it's
very fast charging the vibration motor
or haptic motors also been upgraded it's
different feeling from the 60 like the
last year's model but it's not as
powerful or as nice feeling as the 1 + 7
Pro if I'd to describe it it's like not
as buzzy or like vibrating as the 60 but
it's just not as strong as the 1 + 7 Pro
it almost feels a little bit weaker but
it feels precise now this phone goes for
$600 or $5.99 u.s. and I think this is
where things got a little more
complicated it's a fair price for this
phone it's just that a lot of the kind
of big brand names
entered into this priced territory with
stuff like the galaxy s 10 e and like
the pixel devices like the a devices not
that there are 600 bucks but they're
clearly playing in the mid tier kind of
budget range and oneplus is no longer a
budget phone at a $600 entry-level price
tag it's not a budget phone
it's a inexpensive premium phone or less
expensive premium phone and this phone
are like the oneplus phones have always
been in the past very easy for me to
recommend to people if it's like a
universally enjoyable inexpensive mid
tier device but right now it's not as
clear of a recommendation if you're
someone that prefers Android and you
don't need like a super amazing camera
you wanted a good one but not like the
best of the best and you like fast
updates and you appreciate stuff like
high refresh screens and macro lenses
because they're super cool this is more
feature specific now right like it's
more of a focused product that if you
can kind of line this up to what you
like it's an obvious choice but it's not
as Universal of a choice as one plus
devices have been in the past I wish
this camera bump wasn't so bumpy but
it's still a solid phone overall okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs have you loved it see you guys next
time